DOC-1968: Enabled buttons in the quickbar menu is not shown as active (#2677)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.4.2-release-notes.adoc

// {productname} 6.4.2 also includes the following bug fixes:

> //The editor displayed a notification error when it failed to retrieve a blob image uri.

Author: ```suggestion
```

// {productname} 6.4.2 also includes the following bug fixes:

== Context toolbars displayed the incorrect status for the advlist plugin buttons.

In previous versions of {productname}, the `advlist` quickbar button handler setup varied from the setup for the `list` handler.

> As a consequence the `advlist` quickbar button would not talk to the correct status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a consequence the `advlist` quickbar button would not show the correct status.
```
I'm not sure this is an error, so if it is not, just preserve as is

> In previous versions of {productname}, the quickbar button handler setup for the Open Source plugin, xref:list.adoc[Lists], was different to the quickbar button handler setup for the Premium plugin, xref:advlist.adoc[Advanced Lists].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In previous versions of {productname}, the quickbar button handler setup for the Open Source plugin, xref:lists.adoc[Lists], was different to the quickbar button handler setup for the Premium plugin, xref:advlist.adoc[Advanced Lists].
```
Typo correction.

> == Context toolbars displayed the incorrect status for the advlist plugin buttons.
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, the `advlist` quickbar button handler setup varied from the setup for the `list` handler.
> 
> As a consequence the `advlist` quickbar button would not show the correct status.
> 
> To fix this, changes were made to align the setup handler for the `advlist` to match the settings for the `list` handler, which now ensures the status is correctly rendered.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== The contextual toolbar displayed the status of Advanced List Premium plugin icons incorrectly.

In previous versions of {productname}, the quickbar button handler setup for the Open Source plugin, xref:list.adoc[Lists], was different to the quickbar button handler setup for the Premium plugin, xref:advlist.adoc[Advanced Lists].

As a consequence, when a {productname} instance included the Advanced Lists Premium plugin, the contextual toolbar did not display button status on the toolbar correctly.

With this update, the setup handler for the Advanced Lists Premium plugin now matches the setup handler settings for the Open Source Lists plugin. And toolbar icon state is now correctly rendered on the contextual toolbar.
```

Re-write to focus on TinyMCE, rather than the Advanced Lists Premium plugin.
